Processing procedure
1. BLA_ca_anal.py - inputs are 
     -num_clustered X -num_dispersed X -paired nclust -ntype matrix -out 1
     when using the paired keyword, enter the numbers after inputs are added, and it will find the files before inputs were added with same seed
     can also pair on ndisp, and use ntype patch
     this calculates calcium peak, calcium AUC for three different compartments (prox, mid, distal), and also determines distance of each comp to soma
2. BLA_anal.py - inputs are 
     -num_clustered X -num_dispersed X -paired nclust -out 1
     when using the paired keyword, enter the numbers after inputs are added, and it will find the files before inputs were added with same seed
     can also pair on ndisp
     this does less than BLA_ca_anal.py, so not needed to indicate ntype
     this calculates plateauVm and decay time for all groups
3. dispersed_dist.py
     analyze distance of spines to soma and added spines to clusters
     args: s2sdist file (spine to spine distance) and root name of .npz files identifying the stimulated spines
     min, max and mean distance of added spines to clusters (important for dispersed inputs) and distance to soma
4. correlation.py
     if correlation=False:
          combines the output of BLA_anal.py and dispersed_dist.py
          args .out file and .csv file, 
          args -also how to merge the data from the two files.  It always uses 'seed' and 'region'
               -num_disp means  use num_disp for merge
               -num_clust means  use num_clust for merge
               number of clustered or dispersed inputs for the paired files.  If -num_disp, then provide number of clustered inputs, and vice versa
          This is used in the second part of the code, in which he data is reformated to have results with and without added input on the same line.
    if correlation = True:
        reads in a set of .csv files - specified by pattern (line 119), combines into one dataframe
        then analyzes correlation between location of added spines and dependent variables
        separately for region, and also with all regions combined.

5. StatAnal.py 
    no args.  Specify pattern for reading in 1 or more .out files
    performs ANOVA separately on DMS and DLS, with num_dispersed and num_clustered as independent variables
    for files with NaF blocked, uses plateauVm and decay10 as dependent variables
    for files without NaF blocked, analyzes spike measures
    Also performs two way ANOVA on DMS and DLS together, adding in region as independent variable
    Also calculates the change in decay10 with added inputs, and then does 1way ANOVA on the difference, with region as independent variable
